- You’re a new team member and are assigned a guide to help you through the on boarding process. Your guide has a senior role but is not directly responsible for you and your work. In walking you through many of the tools and concepts you’ll need to work effectively, your guide is also extremely condescending.
- You share a large desk with a coworker who has a noticeable body odor. They are not visibly dirty, but the smell is strong enough to be a distraction.
- The team lead does not believe in delegation. They prefer to build out any tools or processes the team needs themselves. As a result of a culture of reliance on this one person, any issues other team members have trouble solving end up on their desk. Those issues are beginning to pile up and no one else on the team feels empowered to develop solutions.
- One of your coworkers has a habit or tidying up others’ desks when they’re away. It’s clearly meant kindly, but you’ve heard people in the office discussing how they see it as an invasion of privacy.
- Two of your coworkers are in a romantic relationship. As far as the company is concerned, this doesn’t present a problem in and of itself. However, the two will occasionally take their work home with them and implement solutions without consulting the rest of the team.
- A more senior member of the team has expressed a desire to be “irreplaceable”. They are hoarding information and this is preventing others from completing tasks in a timely manner.
- Your manager spends most of their time on the phone and rarely follows through with their responsibilities. It has fallen to you and others on your team to pick up the slack.
